-->We're now on level 5 authentication
-->we're going to talk about cookies
--> On the internet cookies are used widely to save these browsing sessions
    and it goes beyond just saving your last actions on the website.
    When Amazon adds those cookies to my browser it also means that when I go and visit another website say
    if I go onto Facebook then it knows who I am and what items I wanted to buy on Amazon. And it'll try to
    remind me of that thing that I wanted to buy on Amazon.


--> if we review this from a web development point of view it means that say on day 1 when I go into
Chrome and I type in amazon.com, my browser will make a get request to Amazon server requesting for
their home page. Amazon server will then respond to that request and send over the HTML, CSS and JavaScript
files that are needed for my browser to be able to render the Amazon website.
And then let's say that we decided to add a computer to our cart,
well that is equivalent to making a post request to Amazon server saying that I would like to buy a
computer And it's at this moment in time when Amazon servers will create a cookie that contains that data,
"This user wanted to buy a computer." And when it responds to the post request that cookie gets sent along
and the browser gets told to save that cookie.

-->So that means that if I now get distracted and I decide to go onto Facebook or whatever it may be.
But if I come back tomorrow
that cookie is still saved on my browser.
So the next time that I make a get request to Amazon server, that cookie gets sent along with my get
request to allow the server to be able to identify who I am and see if I had any previous sessions on
Amazon.

-->there are lots of different types of cookies but the types of cookies that we're going to be looking
at are the ones that are used to establish and maintain a session.

-->Now a session is a period of time when a browser interacts with a server.


-->So usually when you log into a website that's when your session starts and that's when your fortune
cookie gets created
And inside that fortune cookie you'll have your user credentials that says this user is logged in and
has been successfully authenticated
So that means as you continue to browse the website you won't be asked to login again when you try
to access a page that requires authentication because they can always check against that active cookie
that you have on your browser and it maintains your authentication for this browsing session until
the point when you log out which is when this session ends and the cookie that's related to the session
gets destroyed.




-->So we're going to be implementing cookies and sessions into our website and we're going to be doing
it using something called Passport.